Dear Mr. Smith!
My name is Tuev Viacheslav.
I represont IT conference committee which will be held on 20-th January in Moscow.
From the authority of the committee I have a greate pleasure to invite you to one of our
key speakers at the conference.
Our conference is one of the biggest conference of Moscow. There are 20 speakers in out "wish list"
who already has accepted our invitation. You can find the list in the attachement.
We would be very glad if you considered to get more information about the conference.
So, we are looking forward receving your answer if you decide to do so.
Best regards!
Tuev Viacheslav.

---------------------------------------------------------------------


Hi Andrew!
I am writing this email to you to say that I am sorry I am not able to have lunch with you on Wensday.
It turns out I am very busy this day.
I am ok on Friday. Does Friday work for you?
I am looking forward to seeing you on Friday.

Sincirely yours,
Viacheslav

---------------------------------------------------------------------
EPAM benefits!
There are many benefints for emploies in EPAM company.
We have a comfortable office with nice kitchen, where we could use coffee machine,
a microwave owen and other facilities.
In the office we have some recreation areas and sport inventories.
It is very important for software developers to do some sport execises to keep our heath in good state.
In additional to that  we have a lot of training courses for improving our skills.
I like them very much.
Currently I am taking English training and Node JS development course.
We had medical insurance also, and sometimes doctors come to our office to help us to understand the condition of our heath.
The one more interesting opportunities employees have in EPAP is an opportunity to work in different projects.
By the way I have been working in EPAM for two years and I've partisipated in five different interesting projects with different teams and styles.

There are many other benefits in EPAM like reolacation, flexible hours, meetups, conferences.
So it's a very good company. I like it very much.

---------------------------------------------------------------------

My last project.

I am currently working on Sberbank black list project.
It is very important project because the bank any other banks must stop any of the finance transactions which made by criminal people.
The are five EPAM developers and four Sberbank employees in our team.
We have worked for four months already and we are going to to work for two months more.
Our task is to migrate the Sberbank stop-list database to the new framework.
In additional to that we also are to develop a new application which will allow to add, edit and delete records in this database.
It is unbelievable that we have had difficulties with computers during our work in the project.
We have been sharing our computer between two or three developers.
But now this problem has been fixed. We have taken the equipment we needed.
One more thing I have to mention is that the office we are working in is far from tube stations.
It takes a lot of time to commute between my home and the office.
Nevertheless we will do our best to get the work done.
Our team consists of motivated employees and we have very qualified and active team leader.
Things are running smoothly at the moment. We are ahead of schedule.
This is not bad project, but I would prefer to not to work in Sberbank in my next project.
I would change it to another EPAM project to get to know something new and to meet new people.

---------------------------------------------------------------------

New technologies that changes the world!
Internet.
Internet was invented by scientists who wanted to use it to share their information and theories between universities.
Those scientiest couldn't predict of what has become of thier child now.
Now we can't imagine our life without internet. It is everywhere.
Basically most of our new devices now are connected to it.
Phones, computers, TV, refregirators, kettles are connected to it, as well as our house light system.
First of all, internet is a global communication net with big servers and an enormous number of small computers.
It helps us to get information we needed.
It makes communications to be so easy made that it starts changing our life with very fast speed.
And the speed is growing fast.
This will defenitely end in singularity point of mankind, where human nature be transformed to something new, we can hardly imagine what.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

