
I consider it very important to keep up with times and to choose carefully what to learn next in our frontend technologies.
Once I made a great decision to learn such web technologies, as React and Redux.
This choice turned out to be very useful for me as it made me a modern and demanded developer for some years.
But the question is of what can be such next driver for me?
After studying several approaches to fronted development and patterns I think I have found out that NodeJs and Typescript can be the drivers.
I believe I am familiar with this frameworks to some extent, though I didn't have a chance to use it in production development.
I have only tried them for some time.
I didn't like them very much at first sight.
There were some more promising decisions, ReasonMl for example.
However, Typescript has definitely won this race.
Now many developers consider the 2019 to be the Typescript's year.
And I totally agree with them.
At a present time, Typescript is a must for developing huge frontend applications.
I would love to use Typescript and NodeJs in my next developing project.
Currently I am focused on studying English and consider this activity as very important to me.
In addition to the English course in our company, I am doing additional learning myself.
And I have got some results already.
It becomes now more simply for me to read tech guides and papers in English.
I completely stopped reading them in Russian and have started to use English for that purpose.
In addition to English course I am doing a NodeJS course.
It also has turned out to be quite helpful.
Because of that course I have got better understanding of frontend - backend interactions and have developed some helpful utilities for the automation of my own daily work.
I am going to do an Angular and Vue courses in the future.
As far as I am concern, I think of me as a focused and thoughtful person.
When they give me a task, I start to put myself in a special state.
I am paying attension to the tasks and trying to let my interest to them grow.
Consequently, I turned to the state where I am fully focused on the task and can't think about anything else.
I try to keep staying in the state till I have this task resolved.
Although the drawback of such approach is that it is difficult for me to do many tasks in one moment, but I still consider this approach to be useful and helpful.
I love working for EPAM company.
There are a lot of smart people here in our company.
It is a pleasure to work with them in a comfortable environment, using modern technologies and frameworks, developing complex applications.
I think our goal is to make this process of development more effective.
